in this tutorial I'll show how to create
an animation where we get this feeling
of having a camera rotating around an
object to do this you'll first have to
open an assembly model for this example
I'll use an assembly that I did a long
time ago
so now the first thing we'll have to do
is to enable the visual of your room
you'll need to see your room and see
your lighting also so to do this you'll
have to go and view display setting and
model this point going shadows and
enable the rendering of your environment
apply that now you got your room one
thing you'll notice is that when you're
rotating your object you don't get a
sense of a camera rotating what you'll
need to do here is to put the room
environment to move in reference to your
object to do is just you need to go in
you model set up and go in d render
control now go in the environment menu
right here and you'll see this money pop
up what you'll need to do is go in here
and put your room to move in accordance
to your model here and now you'll see
the difference right
now we're going to do something very
similar to what we just did with
environment but now with delighting what
what accomplished here is not delighting
to rotate when the object rotates we're
going to go so we're going to go into
view Marcel and then render control
we're going to click on the light bulb
button right here and as you can see the
light bulb right here showed up we're
going to dis dis selection right here
and as you can see when you rotate the
object the light ball stays static in
their retro camera that's not what you
want you want the light bulb rotate with
the object so we're going to go into
position and choose that light bulb
rotates in the reference of the model
right here so now you can see the
difference there you go so now that's
done now you can really get a sense of a
camera rotating around the object right
so we're going to tweak a little bit our
environment to make it look better so
we're going to go back in the render
control and I'm gonna modify environment
for us cylinder style so just a movie
the Fallen the bottom of this all right
perfect so as you can see you really get
a sense of a camera rotating around the
object now how to create an animation
with that and money that's what we're
going to do next before starting make
sure that you are in an assembly what's
an assembly it's when create a file with
this option on create an assembly then
you import all your model in anyways you
go an application animation if you're
not too familiar with the animation
loser into the motor
there's a lot of tools on slide for
animating and a timeline for what you
want out of me to create our animation
of a camera rotating around our object
will need to create some preset views to
create the views click here and as you
notice all the preset views are right
here or the default views are right here
you'll need to create your own views
let's say you want your animation to
start in this orientation then you type
you won or anything you want and saved
it to you so let's say you go left view
and you go back to the view just decide
it's going to go back to the one you
just had so let's say alright my
animation starts here then I want the
camera to go to here so we're going to
save as YouTube you too so what we've
got so far got you one then view too
then you'll see you want a camera to
rotate more to hear so at all this you
three so now to link those three views
into an animation we're going to take
those views and put it in the timeline
right here do this you'll have to click
right here and select view one so right
here just like view one then you set a
timer start after an event we want the
animation set of view one so we're going
to put view want to start at zero
seconds after the start of the animation
so we're going to apply as you can see
it pops up in new timeline now we're
going to close and open it again now we
want you two to start let's say five
seconds after you won the one we just
added so we're going to apply as you can
see it pops up right here so we're going
to close and do it again or v3 now we
want you three to start five seconds
after view to and apply so what we can
see here in timeline we said start at
view one then in five seconds go to view
to go get me wrong it's not going to
pause for five second it's only going to
go to view 12 jutsu in a matter of five
seconds and it's going to go to you to
view a theory in under five seconds slow
to test it we're going to click on start
animation you see it takes five seconds
transistor one jutsu another now to
create a natural animation with that
we're going to go on read and you got a
little slide bar here which you can
double check all the frames of your
animations you're satisfied you can
capture it right here set the name what
format if you put GPA gets an image
format it's going to save one image for
each frame what we wanted video we're
going to put MPEG set the pixel
resolution and the renderer we're going
to put that off right now and set the
frame per second 25 23 / ok so it's
going to render every frame and put it
in one animation and that's all that's
the end of my tutorial have a good day
if you have any more questions or
comments if you have any other
suggestions for future tutorials let me
know